[Autogenerated] All right,
let's go ahead and start talking about pub sub
architectures now pumps up architectures.
Allow us to fan out our architecture er so that we can configure multiple
consumers and subscribers to take action on one notification.
So it allows us to really decouple our architectures even more so and
perform parallel processing of messages that come in now An example of a pub
sub architecture ER that is commonly quizzed over on the exams is using SNS
with multiple sqs cues on the back end.
So if I go to my Pluralsight SNS topic, we just made,
we have my in point here of my email.
But now what we want to do is we want to subscribe our sqs cues to our topic.
Now, to do this, you want to initiate it from the sqs topic itself.
So I have Q and Q B here that I made in between clips and these error what
I'm going to be using as subscribers for our SNS topic.
So let's just go ahead.
I wanna go to Q actions, and I'm going to subscribe my cue to a topic.
So I select my topic and then I subscribe and you'll see that it has
allowed permissions from S and s that topic we decided and it allows
it to send a message to our sqs Q.
So now if I go to s and s and I refresh this page,
we see a rescue sq right here as a subscription.
Now let's say we initiated it from the S and s side.
So if I create a subscription, let me select Sqs and let me go grab the ARN.
If I go here and I create this, if I go to Sqs,
you're going to see the permissions didn't change.
So even though it is subscribe to that topic,
we didn't grant that topic permissions to send a message so it
won't actually send the message to the Q.
It will try, but then it will just fail.
So what I want to do is let me go ahead and kill that subscription.
I'll initiate it from the sqs side and there we go.
We now have our permission.
So if I go to SNS, I refresh.
We see our sqs queues here.
Now, for the sake of this demo,
I wanna edit these and I want to enable raw message delivery.
So let me edit this.
And this is because I want to go ahead and perform some
mathematics operations that it's just easier if I send in an
exact value and don't have to parse it.
And what this does,
is it prevents or it doesn't have SNS wrapped the
message in an S and s event notification.
It just sends it in the exact format that we specify.
So let me go back to my SNS page and what I want to do is I
created to Lambda Functions on the back end.
Sqs worker A.
And what this is doing is it's pulling in an event.
It's parsing it for the message body.
And then I'm printing that with simple math.
So I'm doing the number that I send plus one,
and that's what gets printed to the logs and then in worker bee.
All I'm doing is doing the same action,
except I'm multiplying the number that I pull in by 100.
So what we're gonna do is subscribe these to a rescue s cuse so far worker A.
I'm sure you guessed it will choose.
Q A.
I'll leave a batch size of one.
I'll enable it and add.
And then I'll do the same for B.
Except for I'll choose Q B.
Alright.
So we now have our Q triggers added to our functions,
and you can see them right here on the console.
So if I go back to SNS now with this architecture,
er, I should in theory, be able to publish a message here,
we'll leave them subject in the T.
T l blank.
I'm gonna enter the number five.
And since we're doing raw message delivery, this is exactly what will get sent.
Just five.
It won't wrap it in any format.
And when I published this message,
it's going to publish to all of these in points.
So I should get an email, which I just did,
and it's got the number five in the body.
But that means error cues should have received some messages.
So if I refresh here, these cues should have invoked our worker functions.
So let me go to my logs and CloudWatch So for worker
A If we look at the log streams, open this up Perfect.
So we did five plus one, which is six.
As you can recall, in the code here.
So what it did is it flowed through Q.
A invoked function A.
And we performed a separate mathematical equation.
Then be so if we look at worker bee now,
go into the logs and we look at our latest event stream.
We'll see 500.
And that's because we multiplied that value of five by
100 which is down here in the code.
So that's how you can scale out and fan out your architectures.
Using pub sub,
we use the same message but perform different functions and different
work using that same message from one ingress point.
So hopefully that helps you solidify your understanding of pub
sub architectures and how you can use s and s fanning out to
multiple sqs cues in order to perform different work functions
based on the same message.
So that's going to do it for this clip Well, in here and then we're going to start looking at step functions within a W s